Review of “Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma: The Molecular Biology Behind Potential Therapeutic Targets”I found this review to be rather informative and a generally easy to read, but first I should get some of the particulars out of the way.  I think the paper did a nice job of meeting the format guidelines of less than 5 pages with an at a glance section and full references.  While admittedly I didn’t read all the references they seem to be largely made up of primary research with a few reviews that were worked in similarly to what I have encounter in my own literature review.  Also the at a glance section highlighted the review nicely.  It was useful to get an summary of how the three mutational mechanisms contribute to disease.Regarding the body of the review, (Sorry if these seem like short choppy ideas) in general I thought the jargon was well explained.  However, I think it would be helpful to describe what squamous cells are.  Also it might be useful to include a brief overview of cancer in general.  This could include a more in-depth look at what the different stages mean, but could be a simple as it is usually characterized by unregulated cell growth.  I know you mention three mechanisms of unregulated cell growth but it might be nice to include an overarching sentence about cancer in general.  I was very interested by the precision medicine,(and I think it’s a selling point for you thesis?) maybe include a little more detail and possibly a success story of precision medicine there is one.  I thought the section on heterogeneity in  was important, but it seemed a little fragmentment with a lot of short sentences.  I know we weren’t required to include a figure, but I could almost see how to lay one out with each mechanism leading to cancer, and I think that is a testimate to how well organized and developed your review is!  Nice job.  I did find one typo I that I think is worth mentioning.  You mention that there has been very little improvement in patient survival in “forty decades” .  I think you mean forty years or four decades.  I did have fun imagining the public regards of HNSCC back in the 1600’s :).  Overall, I think this was a well written and informative review, and now know more about HNSCC.  Thanks!